I grew up in the nuclear family of a father who was a lawyer, a mother
who ran the beauty school, and three brothers. My eldest brother was
twelve and a half years older than I was, and recently passed away.
He was a veterinarian and worked for large drug companies most of
his life. I had a brother just took two and a half years older than
I was, he has an MBA from the university of Chicago and worked at a
drug company in Illinois - Abbott laboratories - doing management for
his entire career. And then I have a younger brother who is five and
a half years younger than I am, who went out to the ROTC program
at Duke University and was a naval sub officer for twelve and a half
years until his wife told him "if you go to sea one more time I won't
be here when you come back", so he quit after twelve and a half years
as Lieutenant Commander